# tabGroupsCompatiblizer

Seamlessly migrate your tab groups backup among various brands 

Convert your backup file from modern tab groups back to the legacy Tab Groups, 
make it possible to import elsewhere!

## Background

Firefox users may still remember the day we loss [Tab Groups from Quicksaver]
(https://github.com/Quicksaver/Tab-Groups). Thanks to many developers, several 
alternatives available in latest Firefox which continue the idea of Tab Groups. 
However, there are lack of standard among them and backup file from one addon 
may incompatible to import into another.

Fortunately, thanks for their respectful to legacy Tag Groups, most of them able 
to import the backup file generated from legacy Tab Groups. This project is to 
convert backup generated by modern tab groups addons back to the legacy Tab 
Groups, so your tab groups can be seamlessly migrate among various brands of 
addon that provide tab groups. It also allow you revert back to legacy Tab  
Groups if you desire.

## Example

You export backups from addon A, it may incompatible for import into addon B. 
If addon B accept import from legacy Tab Groups, this project can help convert
your backup to the form of legacy Tab Groups, which allows you import backups
(i.e.: your tab groups) into addon B (include roll back to legacy Tab Groups).


## Prerequisite

You may need the latest version of [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/). Older 
version may still works but untested. You also need module`promise-fs`.

## Steps to reproduce

1. Ready your backup file to be converted. **Use the default name** or 
otherwise you have to specify which addon you are from.
	- **Never change the filename extension as I recognize file by that.**

2. Clone this project and be ready for depedency:
	- `git clone https://github.com/LiCybora/tabGroupsCompatiblizer.git`
	- `cd tabGroupsCompatiblizer`
	- `npm install promise-fs` (may skipped if already installed globally)

3. Run `node . <path-to-backup-file>`, if you don't use default name generated 
	by addon, see [Usage](https://github.com/LiCybora/tabGroupsCompatiblizer#Usage)

## Usage
```
node . <path-to-backup-file> [<addon-name>] 

<path-to-backup-file>	The path of your backup file to be converted
<addon-name>			One of (default: none, determined by filename):
	--pv				Convert from Panorama
	--stg				Convert from Simple Tab Group

```

Output: A converted file `tabGroups-backup.json` will be in your current directory.

## Supported Alternative of Tab Groups

[Panorama View](https://github.com/photodiode/panorama-view/)

[Totally not Panorama](https://github.com/nyordanov/panorama) (Treated to be same as Panorama View)

[Simple Tab Group](https://github.com/Drive4ik/simple-tab-groups)

and more... (open an issue or pull request if you want other addons to be supported)
